fellow citizens of the Earth Federation
I speak to now not only as general
revenue commander of our armed forces
but as Johann Abraham a survivor like
many of you hear of this horrible war
despite the innumerable losses despite
the state our Federation is in I appeal
to you all Zeon is exhausted they have
become low on ships weapons troops even
ammunition why then should we surrender
to Z let us not forget the arrogance of
dagwon Soto zombie good up sir power
within zeal for claiming the people of
Zeon as the chosen people he justified
the idea that we of Earth are bad by
Earth's gravity stuck in archaic ways of
thinking incapable of grasping the new
changes of life and because of this Zeon
has no right to listen to the Earth
Federation however all those degwin zabi
may be wrong about us as a whole I will
admit to him that if there were any true
evil within our Earth Federation it is
the weak-kneed bureaucratic leaders of
our government unable to ever think for
themselves sinking into their own
corruption however this does not excuse
they Qin za be for attempting to start a
dynasty of Zeon dictators even if we do
the impossible and recognize the
principality of zeon as a sovereign
nation we will never sink to our knees
in surrender
the birth Federation was founded on the
ideals of individual rights the
crystallization of knowledge within
earth it's not for the Federation
government the mankind would never have
even ventured into the starry heavens
about our space
but now Dave winds Abhi's Sun gear and
Xabi wishes to take his father's vision
a step further by saying the Federation
is weak and backwards in its ways of
thinking Zeon has the right to slaughter
everyone who stands in the way of
progress
does this excuse the death of four
billion people no the Federation will
not excuse his monstrous actions and so
fellow citizens of New York Federation
will get in send Luna 2 in to earth no
does Zeon have the ability to make trips
from nowhere no the Zeon despite these
facts have the capability of defeating
the Earth Federation no get in his
hoping that by bluffing and slide
man coupled with the loss of four
billion lives that the Earth Federation
will surrender to him however because of
my good fortune I've witnessed the truth
and I shall reiterated Iran is exhausted
now is more than ever we mustn't falters
to their demands we must rise up as one
unified Earth Federation and defeat till
then the Earth Federation
you